---
layout: post
title:  "TODO.md"
date:   1970-01-01 00:00:00
tags: meta
excerpt: Some notes for myself to refer to while writing this blog.
---

I usually commit a `TODO.md` into my solo projects. Leaving one up here to plan for the near future. 

I might delete this post eventually.

### TODO

- BUG: markdown font is not monospace in firefox mobile.
- BUG: footer renders weirdly in firefox mobile, text is too narrow, probably need to extend the width a bit.
- Deploy.
- Add contact methods (maybe socials?).
- Add frontmatter attribute for `discussion-link:reddit`, `discussion-link:twitter`, etc. Hook them up into the templates. This will let people visit discussions of this article, where I've posted it online.

### DONE

- Set up Jekyll,
- Remove minima and create a custom set of layouts.
- Investigate SEO things that I should do (decided to use JSON-LD and abandon the RFDa idea).
- Add TODO page (Date set to 0000000000 in epoch time // 1970-01-01). UTC time will render weirdly, but that's fine.

### ARTICLE IDEAS

None of these are commitments. This is just an idea book.

- Event scheduling architecture sketch, with a wall-clock-time data representation for the frontend. In the backend it has UTC time that is calculated on `INSERT` and `UPDATE` commands, and a cron-based scheduler. This all sounds a little dry, so maybe turn it into a narrative of some sort to help explain the idea in a bit more human way?
- Social media invitation ticket architecture sketch.
- Organizing your CSS types using a custom CSS architecture system inspired by Tailwind, Tachyon, and similar systems.
- Architecture sketch of a simple streaming OpenAI architecture which can be extended.
- Running an SEO-ized blog as a developer.
